Fixes #24535: Document autoconditions (#1028)
Normation/rudder-doc: src/reference/modules/usage/pages/variables.adoc

There is currently no plan to extend this support to the fields in the
Technique editor.

== Auto-conditions

If you need to define classes based on the value of properties for your policy,
auto-conditions are a nice feature avoiding to having to define the conditions
manually in the techniques.
This allows easily taking advantage of the inheritance and merge mechanisms
of the properties directly in your techniques.

=== Define auto-conditions

The feature is enabled by defining a `rudder_auto_conditions` JSON property

> containing an array of strings. The strings are the names of the property to enable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
containing an array of strings. The strings are the names of the properties to enable
```

the auto-conditions for.

=== Use auto-conditions

> Once enabled, the auto-conditions expect a specific data structure, and the variable needs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once enabled, the auto-conditions expect a specific data structure, and the properties that will be translated to conditions have
```
